# HerokuBasCpts

# Introduction
This tutorial will have you deploying a Java app in minutes. Hang on for a few more minutes to learn how it all works, so you can make the most out of Heroku. The tutorial assumes that you already have:
- A free Heroku account
- Java 8 installed
- Maven 3 installed

# Prepare the app
In this step, you will prepare a sample application that’s ready to be deployed to Heroku. Download the sample app. You now have a functioning Git repository that contains a simple Java application. The application includes a pom.xml file, which is used by Java’s dependency manager, Maven.

Task
- Execute the app in localhost. (Add screenshot)
- What the application do?
		- una aplicacion con usuarios y carros
- Describe the REST services exposed by the application.
		- Servicios para usuarios
		1. getUser()
		2. createUser(User user)
		3. updateUser(User user)
		4. deleteUser(UUID id)

		- Servicios para carros
		1. getCar()
		2. createCar(Car car)
		3. updateCar(Car car)
		4. deleteCar(UUID id)


- For what purpose is the Procfile plaintext file? 
		- o

# Deploy the app

In this step you’ll deploy the sample app to Heroku. First, create an app on Heroku, which prepares Heroku to receive your source code: "heroku create"
 
IMAGEN

When you create an app, a Git remote (named heroku) is also created and associated with your local Git repository. By default, Heroku generates a random name for your app. You can pass a parameter to specify your own app name. "git push heroku master"

IMAGEN

The application is now deployed. Ensure that at least one instance of the app is running "heroku ps:scale web=1"

IMAGEN

Now visit the app at the URL generated by its app name. As a handy shortcut, you can open the website like so "heroku open"

Task
- Complete the code to ensure that all the UserController endpoints are working properly.
		- IMAGEN
- Complete the code to ensure that all the CarController endpoints are working properly.
		- IMAGEN

















